vmui: add timestamp and value column for csv data exported from table view (#10979)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmrestore](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmrestore/): fix a bug where specifying `-storageDataPath` with a trailing slash could cause `vmrestore` to panic. See [#10823](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10823). Thanks to @utafrali for the contribution.
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): prevent unintentional rerouting of samples to other sharding targets when one of the `-remoteWrite.url` targets with `-remoteWrite.disableOnDiskQueue` becomes blocked. Previously this could break the sharding guarantee by sending samples to wrong targets instead of dropping or retrying them. See [#10507](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10507).
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): return error on startup if `-remoteWrite.disableOnDiskQueue` is not configured uniformly across all `-remoteWrite.url` targets when `-remoteWrite.shardByURL` is enabled. Either all targets must have it enabled or all must have it disabled. See [#10507](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10507).

> * BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): fix the bug where timestamp and value are not displayed in CSV format file which is exported from table view in Query page. See [#10975](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10975).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#vmui): add missing `__timestamp__` and `__value__` columns to CSV exported from the table view on the Query tab. See [#10975](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10975).
```
